[CLC-215]: Compact Serialization Generator (#303)
hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/clc-serializer-generator.adoc

= clc serializer generator

Serializer commands are a group of serializer generator operations.

> Check out the documentation for https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/5.3/serialization/compact-serialization[Compact Serialization] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the documentation for https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/serialization/compact-serialization[Compact Serialization] for more information.
```

Usage:

[source,bash]
----
clc serializer [command] [flags]
----

== Commands

* <<clc-serializer-generate, clc serializer generate>>

== clc serializer generate

> Generates compact serializer from the given schema and for the given programming language. You can use this command to automatically generate compact serializers instead of https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/5.3/serialization/compact-serialization#implementing-compactserializer[implementing them].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates compact serialization code from the given schema for the target language. See https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/serialization/compact-serialization#implementing-compactserializer[Compact Serialization] documentation for more information.
```

Usage:

[source, bash]
----
clc serializer generate [schema] [flags]
----

Parameters:

[cols="1m,1a,2a,1a"]
|===
|Parameter|Required|Description|Default

> |`output-dir`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`--output-dir`, `-o`
```

|Optional
|Output directory for the serialization files.
|Current working directory.

> |`language`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`--language`, `-l`
```
